    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     Use HTML markup to reinforce the meaning of the information in webpage
    2. What is HTML used for? 
     To format text as titles and headings and to arrange graphics on a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behavior
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     The tag is usually used for the title of a page and its the first header visible on the page
     Use as many times as you want
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     anchor tag img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    T he title 
    7. What is an id?
     A unique element identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
     
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
     Only once
    10. What is a class?
      The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
     
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Insert a link in an anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section tag defines sections such as headers, footers, or any other sections of the document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To control the layout of a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    .h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a period followed by the name of the class .class 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .p human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    This selector matches all elements that are the immediate children of a specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*like this*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    ls  
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    cd 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    To track every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every couple minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork Clone Branch Add Commit Push